hand
The mistress said who is the man who drank with your dog?
Empress Dowager
The concubine did it
The concubine is jealous
Never again.
Queen Mother
spare you
Wow, the harem framed the prince
This is outrageous.
Come
Put this whore in jail
Let the people of Dali Temple have a good review
The emperor doesn't want a concubine, he only becomes the emperor
Emperor
What happened today makes you feel wronged
Don't panic, this grievance doesn't count
If you feel really wronged
I feel like I'm looking at the wrong person
People who want to be princes
Or the king of a different country
How can you have no air at all?
Lingyunxiao from tomorrow
You will take over the household department in the hands of the king
Three consecutive years
No results
I take you to ask my son
Thank you father
Spirit is you
I knew you wouldn't leave me alone.